# Project Structure

_android and ios_: These directories contain the Android and iOS projects, respectively. These are generated by React Native's command-line tool when you create a new project.

_assets_: This directory contains static assets like images and fonts.

_components_: This directory contains reusable React components. Each component has its own subdirectory with an index.js file.

_screens_: This directory contains the different "screens" or "pages" of your app. Like with components, each screen has its own subdirectory with an index.js file.

_services_: This directory contains modules for interacting with external services, like an API.

_utils_: This directory contains utility functions and constants that are used throughout the app.

_tests_: This directory contains tests for your components and screens.

_node_modules_: This directory contains all the dependencies of your project.

_App.js_: This is the main component of your app. It's often used to set up global things like navigation and state management.

_index.js_: This is the entry point of your app. It registers your App component with React Native.

_package.json_: This file lists your project's dependencies and contains scripts for tasks like starting the development server and running tests.

# Running Locally

## Step 1: Start the Metro Server

First, you will need to start **Metro**, the JavaScript _bundler_ that ships _with_ React Native.

To start Metro, run the following command from the _root_ of your React Native project:

```bash
# using npm
npm start

# OR using Yarn
yarn start
```

## Step 2: Start your Application

Let Metro Bundler run in its _own_ terminal. Open a _new_ terminal from the _root_ of your React Native project. Run the following command to start your _Android_ or _iOS_ app:

### For Android

```bash
# using npm
npm run android

# OR using Yarn
yarn android
```

### For iOS

```bash
# using npm
npm run ios

# OR using Yarn
yarn ios
```

If everything is set up _correctly_, you should see your new app running in your _Android Emulator_ or _iOS Simulator_ shortly provided you have set up your emulator/simulator correctly.

This is one way to run your app — you can also run it directly from within Android Studio and Xcode respectively.

## Step 3: Modifying your App

Now that you have successfully run the app, let's modify it.

1. Open `App.tsx` in your text editor of choice and edit some lines.
2. For **Android**: Press the <kbd>R</kbd> key twice or select **"Reload"** from the **Developer Menu** (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd> (on Window and Linux) or <kbd>Cmd ⌘</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd> (on macOS)) to see your changes!

   For **iOS**: Hit <kbd>Cmd ⌘</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd> in your iOS Simulator to reload the app and see your changes!

## Instructions from the cli after project creation:

### Run instructions for Android:
Have an Android emulator running (quickest way to get started), or a device connected.
```
cd "/Users/cool77catt/Projects/racked/RackedTracker"
npx react-native run-android
```

### Run instructions for iOS:
```
cd "/Users/cool77catt/Projects/racked/RackedTracker"
npx react-native run-ios
```

or

Open RackedTracker/ios/RackedTracker.xcworkspace in Xcode or run "xed -b ios". Hit the Run button

### Run instructions for macOS:
See https://aka.ms/ReactNativeGuideMacOS for the latest up-to-date instructions.
